[Problem description]

Write a program to open an English article (stored in the file in.txt in the current directory) 
and generate a vocabulary for the article (stored in another file words.txt in the current directory). 
A word in the article refers to a string consisting of only lowercase or uppercase letters, 
but the words in the vocabulary appear in lowercase letters. 
If there are multiple identical words in the article that are case-insensitive, 
only one word is generated in the vocabulary. 
Assume that the number of words in the generated vocabulary will not exceed 100, 
and the length of each word will not exceed 20. 
The words in the vocabulary are stored in dictionary order from small to large.

[Input form]

The input English article is stored in the file in.txt in the current directory.

[Output form]

The output vocabulary is stored in the file words.txt in the current directory, each word occupies a separate line, 
and is stored in dictionary order from small to large.

[Input Sample]

Suppose the article in in.txt is as follows:

C was originally designed for and implemented on the UNIX operating system on the DEC PDP-11, by Dennis Ritchie.

The book is not an introductory programming manual.

[Output Sample]

The generated vocabulary is stored in words.txt, and its content should be as follows:

an
and
book
by
dec
dennis
designed
for
implemented
introductory
is
manual
not
on
operating
originally
pdp
programming
ritchie
system
the
unix
was

[Sample Description]

In the English article read in, all English letter strings (consisting of one or more consecutive letters) 
will correspond to a word in the generated vocabulary, 
for example: two the and one The in the article correspond to the word the in the generated vocabulary; 
the single letter C also appears as a single word, so it also corresponds to a word c in the generated vocabulary.

[Evaluation criteria]

This question requires you to output a vocabulary list of an English article. The submitted program file name is words.c.