[Problem description]

The credits in English movies are usually displayed in a certain format. 
Given an unformatted file listin.txt, each line of the credits is separated by a colon ":" into two parts, 
but the format is messy, and words (composed of characters other than spaces and horizontal tabs) 
may be separated by multiple spaces or horizontal tabs. 

Write a program to format and output it to another file listout.txt according to the following formatting rules:
1. Read an integer from the standard input as the fixed position of the colon ":" in all lines after formatting; 
   assume that the input integer must be greater than the number of characters before the colon ":" in all lines after formatting, 
   and the position is counted from 1;
2. The word string on the left of the colon ":" is left-aligned based on the head of the line, 
   and the space between the last word on the left and the colon is filled; the word string on the right of the colon ":" is 
   left-aligned based on the colon ":", and there are only carriage return and line feed characters after the last word, 
   and no other characters;
3. There is only one space between the words on both sides of the colon ":", 
   and there must be at least one space on both sides of the colon.
Assume that the number of characters per line in the input file does not exceed 100.

[Input format]

The list of performers to be typeset is read from the listin.txt file in the current directory; 
the integer representing the position of the colon ":" is read from the standard input.

[Output format]

The typesetting list of actors is output to listout.txt in the current directory.

[Input example]

Assume that the content of the file listin.txt is:

Digital Intermediate by : EFILM

Supervising Digital Colorist : STEVEN J. SCOTT

Second Colorist :ANDREW FRANCIS

Digital Intermediate Producer:LOAN PHAN

Digital Intermediate Editor: DEVON MILLER

The integer representing the fixed position of the colon is:

40

[Output example]

The content of the file listout.txt should be:

[Example description]

The input file listin.txt contains five lines of actors. It is required that the colon ":" is located at 
the 40th character position after typesetting, 
and it is output to the file listout.txt according to the above typesetting rules.

[Evaluation criteria]

This question requires the file content to be typeset according to the typesetting rules, 
and the submitted program file name is typeset.c.